Remove backup-and-restore-using-dumpling-lightning.md from 5.0-dev (#8308) (#8309)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-tool.md

[BR](http://github.com/pingcap/br) (Backup & Restore) is a command-line tool for distributed backup and restoration of the TiDB cluster data.

> Compared with [Dumpling](/dumpling-overview.md), BR is more suitable for scenarios involved huge data volumes.
> 
> In addition to regular backup and restoration, you can also use BR for large-scale data migration as long as compatibility is ensured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared with [Dumpling](/dumpling-overview.md), BR is more suitable to scenarios involving huge data volumes.
```
